How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?

    By viewing two diff versions I saw that one version printed the whole file line by line 
    comparing the lines while the other only showed the text that was not similar. The latter 
    can be much easy to find where the bug is in the file.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in
the long term?

    I think that having access to previous versions can be helpful in finding bugs in a file cause 
    we can find out what contents of the file got changed and see if there is any bug in that.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in
Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?

    When we save manually, we know when to save and not to save too much that the history is cluttered.
    We can save anytime we want. The con is that we can forget to save the change and close the document, 
    then the file will not get saved and all the changes we did, we had to do them again.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit,
while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    I think that Git saves multiple files in one commit because it becomes easier to see the changes
    made in every file rather than seeing every file separately.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    We can view all the commits made by using git log and by copying the IDs of the commits we can
    we can use git diff that tells us what was changed in the commits.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?

    Beacuse we can always look back at what we changed and can revert the changes.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    I will use Git for opening the text editor directly from Git Bash. I can travel between directories
    and open files.